All right, so moving along
with our development process in this video,
we're going to modify our
ProductListComponents to call the CartService.
Alright, so let's go ahead and move over
to our ProductListComponent.
So ProductListComponent.ts.
And let me expand my window here.
And just as a checkpoint,
let me move to the top of this file,
just to make sure we're all at the right location.
So we're ProductListComponent right now.
And I move down to the bottom to that addToCart Method.
And so we had a little comment here
TODO, do the real work.
Well, now's the time we're going to do the real work okay?
(laughs)
This is where we get our hands dirty.
So in our ProductListComponent,
we need to call the addToCart Method on the CartService.
And so we'll do that now.
Alright, so based on a product,
we need to create a CartItem.
So I'll create the CartItem equals new CartItem
based on the product.
And now I'll call this .cartService.addToCart.
And I pass in the CartItem.
And says does not exist on Component.
Oh, gosh, I need to inject my cartService, silly me.
So let's move up here to our constructor.
And let's inject the cartService.
Okay, great so that's the code
for injecting our service.
Alright, good job.
And so now if we scroll back down to the bottom,
that error should go away.
And yep, everything's good.
We're good to go here, all right.
All right, so I want to run this application
and test it out real quick just to see how it works
now with this cartService,
so let's go ahead and fire it up and get it running.
And then just swinging into the browser here.
Let's load the app.
Make sure you have your console window open.
And let's add to cart Crash Course in Python.
Okay, good, so that's the contents of the cart.
We have the name of the item,
the total price and the quantity.
So it's just one item in there right now.
And it's 14.99, which is that one book.
Now let's add another item here,
coffee mugs, cherokee mug, 18.99.
Okay, great, so now look at our contents of the cart.
So we have two items in our cart, and the total price.
Good, I like it.
Add the coffee mug three more times.
(laughs)
So now we see that the Course in Python quantity of one,
the coffee mug quantity of four and notice the total price
and the total quantity.
So the logic for our cartServices working out as desired.
It's actually keeping track of everything
based on price and quantity.
So I like to say, good job my friend.